I've been on the exit Point I've stood
on the edge of Cliff with many people
hundreds of people at least yeah and it
was those moments where all the cracks
start to come through and whatever
whatever identity one has you know
whatever kind of patterns they they both
burst to the surface ratcheted to 10 and
also crack
[Music]
open I've been dying to ask you about uh
The Retreat that you put on and and
before I began into talking about that
what I want to talk about is that how
important it is for me that this
happened because it's the first time
that AOA has has a retreat that is not
my brainchild and Tera my brainchild
that it's actually the community is
growing and now we have for the first
time someone else putting out a retreat
and uh and I know it went well because
I've heard a lot of stuff but I want to
I want to have a convers ation with you
and talk to you about it and see how it
was for you um but be before before I
even ask my first question give
everybody context what the hell just
happened yeah so I put on a retreat
called welcoming fear and the idea for
this retreat was that it would take the
kind of work that we've done in AOA but
kind of bring it out into nature Into
the Wilderness and into very present
physically embodied experiences with
fear and it's called welcoming fear
we'll get into that a little bit later
and the idea is that it's an invitation
for people to really sensuously sit with
and enjoy and just notice and learn
about the way that their body and their
emotional system and their mind process
fear uh so it wasn't as much of a goal
oriented thing as like you're gonna come
and jump off of a cliff like like some
kind of Bungee sort of uh uh operation
it it was something that was far more
slow and deliberate and so it wasn't
just jumping off a cliff there was there
was individual work there was partner
work there was group work all camping
under the stars in the desert near Moab
Utah and there were two rigged
activities led by some worldclass guides
that are very close friends of mine for
many years and one of them was a
Highline which is essentially if you're
aware of slack lining it's similar to
this but it's walking on a 1-in wide
piece of uh nylon webbing that's strung
between two Cliffs hundreds of feet in
the air and normally this requires a lot
of experience to be able to do except we
had it rigged such that you have another
line above you so that a beginner was
able to do the walk and this was a slow
way of being able to approach your fear
and work with it as you're taking step
after step across a line and feeling the
way that your body responds and feeling
where your attention goes and then we
had the faster way of working with fear
which was connecting to a rope and
jumping off of a cliff and Free Falling
for several seconds before the Rope
catches you and swings you away from the
cliff and that offered people an
opportunity to feel through a certain
level of fear and then
commit and also notice what happens in
their system and what strategies they
use to make that kind of a move in their
in this kind of physical environment or
in their
life ah cool so that was that was the
retreat yeah so that was that was the
retreat
so what what was your hope like if you
were to say like you had all these
people you were
serving what was your hope in the
outcome for the people you were serving
in the
retreat yeah my my hope for the outcome
for people was not for them to come
through the retreat Having learned an
ability to conqu con ER Their Fear um I
can talk about this in a moment but what
I really wanted was for people to have
developed an enjoyment of the process of
being with their fear and not needing to
do anything with it not having you know
something that needs to happen not
pushing through it
not running from it but just noticing
what happens when they when they
approach their fears and in a very
subtle step-by-step
way great so what I heard at the
beginning there was this idea of and I
think you mentioned it at the beginning
you said like a sensual experience of
fear and then and then here you're
talking about enjoying the fear what for
you what what's the what makes that such
an important thing is that people learn
how to be
welcome have a sensual experience
enjoyment of fear what what in your
world what I mean I know what makes that
important to me but what makes that
important that that was the the main
outcome yeah for that I need to scroll
back to some of my history so yeah when
I when I got into adventure sports when
I was
around the timeline could be when I was
18 or 19 but I was also rock climbing
much earlier than that and doing various
outdoor things so we'll just say that
early on in my journey I had adopted the
narrative which is a common societal
narrative common a way that people
approach fear that it was some kind of
an oppressor for me that it was
something that I needed to overcome or
to
conquer and so I ran with that and I was
like okay great to to
become uh to become a more season to
person to grow as a person to really
fully experience life then what I need
to do is learn to conquer my fears so I
went down that
path and what I've noticed over Decades
of doing that now
is
that over a long enough timeline it was
the people who were who stayed in that
mode that I was in initially who were
conquering their fears pushing them away
skipping over them that ended up having
the most accidents injuries deaths and
also grew at the slowest rate until of
course often something would happen to
them that would wake them up and they'd
be forced to feel what they've been
avoiding yeah which is something we've
you know we've talked about a lot on
this podcast in many different
Realms and I also noticed another
thing was the people who
were had been in the sport the longest
and with the the cleanest safety
records and were really kind of the
mentors were the ones who really
developed a relationship with their fear
where they just wore it on their sleeve
they would show up to an exit point
which is in Bas jumping that's what we
call the edge of a cliff where you're
about to jump
they would show up to an exit point and
just name all the things they were
scared of and be visibly feeling it but
not in a disregulated way it would just
be like here it is here's the things I'm
concerned about or oh yeah I've got I've
got the fear poops I've got a poop you
know because I'm scared you know just
kind of playing with it and then there'd
be that guy you know sometimes this was
me earlier on especially showing up and
being like okay I got this this is the
thing I got to do I'm going to do the
thing and I got it and just over over
the course of a lot of time I noticed
that there was a very big difference in
both the enjoyment and also the safety
record of people who were really
developing a loving sensuous
relationship with their fear and using
it as a grounding in their system while
they're while they're jumping and as a
guide for their
judgment so and so that's that's really
what I wanted people to to get to play
with and experience and to transition
from a relationship with fear that
pushes it away to a relationship that
really welcomes it in in a grounded and
regulated
way so there this opens up multiple
questions for me so the the first
question is that is the most pointed
question is like how much of creating
this Retreat for you is a way to save
people's lives like how much of this is
like your response to a community that
you love and you like oh if I can teach
this to young people in this
sport like they're I either I will not
have to deal with as many deaths or
there will not be as many death how much
of that is how much of that is what's
Happening Here Yeah I a few years ago I
would have said a lot of what I'm doing
here is about saving lives and
interestingly I feel like that's kind of
Fallen away it's like I don't believe
that I anyone needs me to save them but
what I do enjoy is being with people in
this exploration and it and because of
that history of having lost a lot of
friends a lot of it around various you
know variations of the way people relate
to their fear whether it is the fear of
jumping off a cliff or a social fear
which is something that we got into on
the retreat as
well uh whether that's the case it's
just that I really deeply enjoy and find
it deeply meaningful to be with people
on that Journey wherever it's going to
take them I I don't I don't need
somebody to be like oh cool I did the
welcoming fear trip and now I want to go
jump off of cliffs and I'm like great I
saved you you're going to be safer it's
really just right like I I love being in
that exploration that's what I've Loved
about jumping from the very beginning
and I love being with people in it yeah
so I I hear I
think lovely I get it and I think I know
the answer to this question but I want
to I was thinking about more in the
reverse like if you had the opportunity
to take every Young cliff jumper every
young squirrel suit for every highliner
whatever th those high-risk sports are
and like put them through this so you're
it's not about convincing them to go and
jump off a cliff like how how exciting
would that be for you or is it I would
love that yeah I would love that so much
but it just for anybody one of the one
of my favorite kinds of moment to have
uh throughout my years I've spent many
I've I've been on the exit Point I've
stood on the edge of Cliff with many
people hundreds of people at least yeah
and it was those moments where all the
cracks start to come through and
whatever whatever identity one has you
know whatever kind of patterns they they
both burst to the surface ratcheted to
10 and also crack open in that in that
environment so what I when I look back
on that on those uh on all of my jumps
one of the things that I just enjoyed
the most was being at an exit Point not
jumping but being at an exit point with
people and just noticing oh this
person's this person's fear turns to
anger this person's fear turns to
determination rigidity this person's
anger turns or this person's
fear just moves cleanly and this is what
happens when a group is here feeling
this together this is what happens when
there's one person in the group who is
really willing to say the thing that
they're socially afraid to say because
they're in tune with their physical fear
and this is what it looks like when an
an entire group avoids it and yeah
there's so much so much juice there and
absolutely I'd love to be able to do
this work um I would love to do this
work with people who
are uh who are on a journey of exploring
a sport that does carry inherent
physical risk and I enjoy it for any in
their life because everyone's life
includes
inherent fear on their path wherever
they go so one one noticing and then I
want to move to the the other question
about this but one noticing for me is
there's this saying that I've run across
or said or heard I can't remember but
basically like in in this in Spiritual
Development there comes a time where you
realize that every moment is a death
every moment you're like what you
were is no
longer like there's only the you that's
here right now that there's like a death
in every moment and and it's it's a way
to describe when the identity falls
apart when the story falls apart and
it's just very interesting to me that
the that that is every one of those is
an exit point and so like I just notice
internally what what's happening for me
is like oh right like what happens when
you are and and often times the first
five six seven times you hit that exit
Point there's a lot of fear that arises
and what is it to enjoy your fear in
those moments of going oh what what if
my whole identity is is is a an illusion
or a or a hallucination yeah and there's
there's the piece of noticing or there's
the piece of welcoming and enjoying the
fear and then there's also the aspect of
just not noticing what other fears are
there because often what is going on is
that we're focused on one fear that's
the one that's the most present and we
over index on that and we're actually
missing that there's other fears present
so it's not even just about like
grabbing onto that one fear and holding
tightly and being like I'm gonna just go
into this one it's also about like okay
so there's a very big fear here that's
present and what are the other fears
that are subconsciously driving me right
now that I'm not yet aware of the whole
network of the fears underlying our
identity underlying our physical safety
underlying our safety in a group
underlying our you know hopes dreams
Ambitions there's so many there are so
many different flavors of that fear and
it's only in welcoming a very broad
spectrum of them that we feel really
grounded in the moment and prepared to
take the action that's appropriate
rather than the action that you know
some small aspect of that fear thinks is
appropriate right so so you You' said a
couple times like I'm just happy to be
there with anyone which makes me very
happy I love the idea that you're
teaching for your own pleasure I think
that's so critical not not to be there
to save the world not to be there
because the world needs you not to be
there to save a single person it feels
to me like the most honest teachings are
the ones where the teacher's like I'm
here because I love it it um
and it's really clear that this is not
something that you have created just
for people in in adventure sports where
there's high risk this is something that
you clearly see many many people would
benefit from uh absolutely so yeah so
what I want to know is let's say you
have a CEO of a company and they're
coming to this Retreat what is it that
you would hope would change about their
being a CEO or what would they see that
would influence being a CEO or what what
is it that uh that they'll get out of it
that would benefit all their employees
or benefit their bottom line or benefit
their enjoyment of running a company
yeah so kind of scrolling back a little
bit to when I was talking about how all
of people's all of our different
patterns show up on the exit Point uh
one thing that people got from this from
this retreat was just noticing what
those patterns are so there's there's
somebody who showed up and they they
really learned how much that when
they're scared they tend to go into
anger at what they're scared at and
that's just an initial response and they
needed to move through that and feel and
love the whole thing to be able to step
off of the cliff and I I find that would
be really valuable for a CEO and there
was another person who was very buttoned
up throughout the entire process before
during and after except for the moment
of Freefall and during that moment they
were just they wanted to be absolutely
anywhere else but here and they they're
like well I can't unsee that that is my
response to helplessness when I'm in it
not just preparing for it or having just
experienced it but when I'm when it's
right there yeah and you know we had
others with sort of like a grim
determination they were like okay once I
put the gear on I'm going and then they
went and then had a big process after so
for for that type of person I might
learn that there's a lot of
post-processing that they do and
something in the moment just they
execute and then later on maybe they
need to take space to process
it um and there were a number of other
patterns there's one person who who
didn't even jump and they got perhaps
one of the biggest growth experiences
out of it and the way they learned more
from the way that they related to
themselves having walked away and the
initial pattern of going going into
shame and beating themselves up and
being able to work with the thoughts
that were coming online in real time and
see through them and feel what was
Underneath It ultimately they found a
really deep freedom of oh yeah the
biggest freedom for me in my life is to
be found in walking through the social
fear of being the person that didn't
jump
and just they just had this massive
Epiphany this giggle fist this giggle
fit for half an hour about the the
recognition that they just did not need
to take so seriously what people thought
of them and I mean if there's one thing
that I would love to like just hand as a
Epiphany gift to a new CEO or an
experienced
CEO you know it would be that or to my
to
myself as a
CEO so
let let's just track one of these down
let's track the first one down so a CEO
comes in and they have the the anger
that they react to their fear with
anger and let's say that they've been
doing this inside of their
company how do you see that that would
play out in a company and how do you see
that once they had this realization it
would play out
differently yeah I mean prior to prior
to the Epiphany or transformation the
kind of pattern you might see would be
that there's always something wrong
there's always somebody doing something
wrong from the CEO's perspective and the
CEO feels alone in it and they start
attacking people and then people there's
a lot of fear because the CEO is not SE
feeling because the CEO isn't feeling
Their Fear now the whole team is feeling
fear and and of course that's not going
to be that's not going to be a terribly
productive team that's not going to be a
team that feels highly creative and
Innovative and takes risks with the
company or socially in the team speaking
their truth um it's going to be a lot of
trying to make that person happy
and it's going to depend on how scared
that person is but that that fear isn't
going to be present in the room to be
addressed and so after the Epiphany
after the after the
transformation uh an example of the way
that this might play out would be that
the leader and perhaps you know the team
because this The Retreat happened in a
group context and so there were a lot of
beautiful ways that I can speak to soon
that the group held each other and were
able to ask each other for what they
wanted and how they wanted to be held so
there might be a leader who's like
hey uh I noticed that like when I'm
scared often I get angry and so if you
find me being angry know that it might
not be about you it might just be that
I'm scared and I'd love an invitation to
check in with myself and I'll of course
be tracking that in myself as well and
if that's happening like oh I see what's
going on I'm actually just scared we're
not going to hit the numbers or I'm
scared we're going to lose this client
or I'm scared we're going to lose an
employee that feels key to me and I
don't know what I would do without them
and I make myself responsible and I'm
afraid of that yeah and then you can
bring to the surface what's actually
going on rather than a bunch of people
running around trying to get it right
around an angry
boss yeah it's an interesting thing one
of the little nuggets that was in what
you just said was that because the fear
isn't being felt directly you're putting
it on other
people like you're you're you're like
it's like a fear Hot Potato I don't want
to feel this and so you throw it someone
else and then they're like I don't want
to feel this and then or they or they're
the ones that feel it and so it's like
this fear Hot Potato going on how how
and which is a big way people not
wanting to feel fear oftentimes you see
it like I see this in families where
somebody holds the anxiety for the
family and everybody else is like trying
to manage the anxiety I don't want to
feel that [__] anxiety like it's
gonna be fine honey or you know whatever
like we're going to get through this and
blah blah blah
blah um How is so you had this group of
people all facing fear how how did the
fear Hot Potato go how did you set up a
system where the fear Hot Potato didn't
go I would assume like that would be a
[__] show if you're in that Retreat and
everyone's just passing the fear around
tell tell me what what happened there
and how how you thought about it or how
you arranged that yeah well for for one
we spent a day before we did any of the
activities just doing introspective work
and and this was like individually we
had I had people crawl up to the edge of
a cliff and peer their head over and
then just kind of meditate and Ponder on
a series of uh a series of invitations
and let that start to dredge up some of
their some of their fears some of their
identity fears some of a lot of them
came up as fears of death there was
there was really two main categories of
fear that showed up for people which was
the fear of the death the the fear of
death which is including their identity
and then others were social fears which
I'd say that's also identity related but
there were like specifically about what
happens to my partner what happens to
you know what my business if I go and so
we brought all that to the surface to
begin with and then by the time we got
to the edge of a cliff to either Walk
The High Line or to jump the thing that
was kind of unique about this is that
everyone is feeling some level of fear
and it's completely under understandable
it's not like you know it's not like
people were showing up
and it took some work to figure out that
there's actually a visceral fear of
annihilation here underneath the like
relational work we're doing it was just
yeah you know it's table Stakes here it
is fear of annihilation you your
identity might not feel it but of course
your body does my body does I've done it
thousands of times and right it's still
there and so that's one of the things it
was just un unquestionable
that what was going on that what we were
all working with was fear on on the base
level and because of the group context
everybody could see the different ways
that that was moving through people and
the different emotions that were evoked
so one person might assume that
everybody's going to have the same
response to the edge of a cliff as they
do or maybe they might not assume that
but they might not really know the
nuances of all the different ways that
that shows up and
and and in this in this context people
got to see that and they got to see the
way that it Consolidated into
individuals and a group like there was
the person that hel held the role of
here's my anger there was the person
that you know held the role held the Hot
Potato of you know I'm the one that's G
to be you know the helper and the
supporter or right right right you know
I'm the one that's gonna be kind of
Silent hanging out in the back watching
everyone else uh until my you
know yeah yeah
so one of the things I I notic it's like
actually really interesting because it's
so explicit we're all here dealing with
fear assuming that there's some gentle
pointing of like notice one person's way
of handling fear is getting angry one
person's way of handl fear is helping
everybody one person's way of handling
fears it's an interesting thing because
it allows any one of you to walk into
the world and see fear where it actually
is instead of exactly you know which has
helped me have a tremendous amount of
compassion life somebody gets angry and
I'm like oh they're scared like creates
so much ease and compassion to to be
with their anger or um somebody is
really helpful in a way that I'm like
hey stop like stop taking away my
empowerment but I really want to be
helpful now I can take care of myself so
much compassion because oh they're
they're Fair they're afraid and we we're
all we can all be afraid so it's
interesting just like that that there's
a way in which your retreat allow that
too to see how other people were in
their fear to witness the different ways
of doing it and and allows for deeper
compassion I I'm want I want to ask how
much did I just make that up and how
much did was that an explicit part of
the retreat yeah that was that was a
very explicit part of the retreat and we
also added a few more elements there was
uh a lot of experimentation
so people were invited especially for
especially for the Highline where you're
spending up to like 20 minutes or so
walking this line so there's you can
take experiments you're like okay I'm
going to do this one with just looking
at the end of the Rope I'm going to do
this one I'm going to like look down and
like look where I don't want to look
while I'm walking or I'm gonna let my
legs wiggle as much as they want or I'm
going to try to manage myself as much as
I can or and we also had the opportunity
for for people to ask what support they
wanted from their group and for others
to suggest prompts uh one of one of the
people who was jumping um it was
suggested like hey
like why don't we just do this like you
you approach the edge of the cliff and
you're ready to jump you don't have to
jump in fact you can intend not to jump
but just have the experience of walking
up and saying no and then the group says
we love your not
and this person went up to do that
experiment
and they found themselves jumping like
that was just having that know honored
by the
group and brought fully to the surface
and loved in themselves yeah was was
enough to remove the block to to honor
like that piece was honored and so then
the part of them that wanted to jump and
have the experience of jumping not just
the experience of the no but get both
was that was for
them something that they wanted at that
moment you know that's cool that's great
so I could keep on digging into all this
stuff I could geek out on this forever
and I want to be conscious of time so I
want to transition to a slightly
different topic which
is
like what was your what was like if you
look back and you think subconsciously
or lesson consciously what was your
reason what were you trying to learn by
putting on this Retreat what were you
wrestling with that if
anything yeah there were a couple
questions I was wrestling with
one one was just I mean for your
personal to be clear I'm talking about
your personal development here I'm not
talking about like how do I put on a
retreat like what what what were you
trying to teach yourself in the retreat
by by putting on a
retreat yeah for me I really wanted to
experience facilitating this work in a
context that is really deeply that I'm
really deeply steeped in and that there
was such a sense of place to where we
were the the canyon that we were camped
at the top of is a place that I've
frequented for over a decade like
probably a decade and a half I've done
dozens maybe hundreds of jumps there
I've been with people for rescues I've
been with people for
first jumps hundredth jumps and had lots
of just Rich learning from this place so
it was really beautiful to be
facilitating
something in a place where every time we
would turn a corner driving down one of
the one of the roads there just be
something else that would pop into my
mind uh a new teaching a new reflection
an invitation for the
group and so it was really beautiful for
me and that was one of my intentions was
like what if what would I create from
from my experience that also like fully
inhabits the work that you know that
we've been doing together that I've been
learning through
you yeah and also another aspect of it
was
facilitating you know being being the
sole facilitator in a group in A Place
With No sell service where there are
real risks was something that just
reined something that was your that was
your Highline
yeah that was myl like oh right here
here's my way to fully confront
facilitating right right it was like
right in the deep end it's like okay if
we run out of water we're like a couple
hours away from a town and we run out of
whatever it's going to be a logistical
curfuffle just
to to deal with anything that was a
curveball so there was kind of that
aspect of like okay like how much can I
how much can I trust myself to be
building this retreat with all these
moving parts different vendors guides
Logistics and beholding the thing myself
um without the capacity to make a phone
call to be like Hey Joe what would you
do in this situation none of that was
there
um and uh so that it was really cool
just like letting the buck stop with me
um throughout the process and I found
that that was really important for my uh
for for my process because I I really
found a a different level of capacity to
hold the hold the group and hold the
container when there was no part of me
that could think that there was any out
if I needed it or wanted it it was just
I'm here and this is it and that was
really important for
me yeah so the thing that I see in what
you just said is that you were on your
own Highline as you're doing the fear
thing you're you're actually doing
the being with the dance enjoying
welcoming your own fear in the
facilitation which I find really deeply
helps facilitation I I noticed that a
lot of times when people are
facilitating something particularly for
the first time they are wrestling with
it themselves in their own way as
they're teaching it because it makes it
very alive in their system um and the
the reason I I put that whole setup is
is that what I've noticed is when I do a
retreat for the first time
there's a way in which it's like the
people are guinea pigs and they're
getting the first version of it which is
not going to be in some ways as good as
the future versions of it but in some
ways it's going to be better than any
version you know because there's
something that something that can happen
on the first one that can't happen
anywhere else so and this is a
challenging question I would assume but
what is it that the first group got that
probably is never going to be replicable
and then or like it'd be lucky if
anybody else got that and what is it
that you're that the that you're going
to do
differently and so that the second and
third groups get something or the 10th
group get something that's a little more
refined and and doesn't get what the
first group got yeah good question so
one thing the first group got was just
the reality that I was sitting in my own
Highline process um however much they
felt it like that was something uh
another piece was the group size that we
had this time was it was eight people
including myself so there was a small
intimacy to that group and I don't think
I'm going to run one that size again but
one thing that was really nice about it
is that we could all fit in one suburban
and as I drove around I got to like
share with a whole group and reflect
with a whole group and everybody got to
be in in that space together during the
transit times which was really cohesive
for the group oh yeah yeah yeah and
another piece was um and I don't know to
what extent this affected the group but
this is almost a continuation of your
further of your previous question which
was that for myself I had also brought
my base jumping rig with me and I had an
intention to approach the edge of the
cliff after the retreat and maybe jump
maybe not jump and so the entire time
during the retreat I was with my process
of approaching I haven't jumped I
haven't base jumped in about four years
three three years four years so it's
been a little bit of time and Alexa and
I are planning on having a kid soon and
so this was potentially the last chance
to do that before having a kid and then
the calculus changes a lot more yeah and
so like I feel like energetically I was
really there in the retreat um and that
not that that can't be true in the
future but there was something something
about that that it was like everybody
knew that this was my first time running
the retreat in the future they'll know
that I've done it before there's a
different thing going on there yeah yeah
sure and to say to speak to what'll be
different in the future
iterations um one thing I'd love to do
is add another day of uh of integration
and deep work between the two days of
highlining and jumping that we did uh so
future iterations will be a little bit
longer and for that there might be some
more depth there might be some more um
kind of more spaciousness um I think
that a lot of people will appreciate
that especially you
know especially if people are newer to
this work there's just a lot you're
basically doing a couple of big
emotional releases back to back so I
want to spread that out a little bit
more and there's also just a number of
ideas that I now have for various
exercises and ways to work uh work some
Reflections and kind of
meditative questions into some of the
processes while people are doing the
activity that's awesome of course
balancing that with being overly
structured and letting people have their
experience yeah yeah awesome okay so I H
I just have one last question for
you last question I have for you is like
what what's your biggest gratitude
walking out of this like there's this
deep privilege that you got to be with a
group of people that they trusted you in
this experience that you got to teach
something that's very meaningful for you
so there's like this amazing privilege
of of what you ought to
do and I'm wondering just where what's
the what's the deepest gratitude you
have
for having chosen to do this taking the
risk of doing this giv folks this
experience which I I've heard from so
many people was well seven not eight
people who that it was amazing what tell
me what what the what's the what's your
gr what's the biggest gratitude walking
out of
this my my biggest gratitude is for for
the journey that brought me here and for
the the people who have influenced me
along the
way and that that includes people who
are still around that includes a lot of
people who aren't and you know
in many of those in the manner of their
transition taught me more than anything
else I've ever
learned and there's just a deep
gratitude
for a gratitude that I am here and
capable of doing this work
and and also just a really deep
gratitude I have a lot of deep gratitude
for for the training that I've done with
you and with Tara a lot of deep
gratitude
for the for the coaching cohort that we
have and you know the s that I practice
with and ultimately the the deepest
there was a moment on the the final
night when basically the entire thing
had completed and we were going to sleep
when I took a 20-minute walk to a rock
that I used to Camp under like a decade
ago and I just climbed on top of that
like 40 foot rock or something and then
sat and just
sat in the silence and just felt myself
and felt the place in my
history with
that with that location with that group
and it was just like tears coming down
my face for what I had just witnessed in
this
group and it blew away my concept of
what was probable not necessarily what
was possible but what I my conceptions
of what I thought this first iteration
were going to be relative to what it was
I was just like oh it went all the way
there like there's nothing else that
needed to be done this was this was it
this was the retreat and I can
iterate but this was this was the the
eeky guy this was the the mix of
everything that I've spent so much of my
life doing in a place that I deeply love
with people that I deeply love
doing the kind of inner
exploration that I've always been drawn
to in many different ways in many
different iterations and just to
feel that richness of life and that love
and just it just was a deep welcoming in
that moment it was just
everything I can just welcome everything
right now and yeah there's no difference
between that feeling and
gratitude
yeah
I I I I want to end there because that
feels like the perfect way to end but I
I also want to say I am really proud of
you
man yeah thank you that feels really
good I'm really grateful that I got to
be a part of in any
way having that happen in the world and
it and it just yeah lot of I have a lot
of
Pride and and very proud of you thank
you yeah I want to add one more
gratitude which is that okay the day
before like the night before I went down
there uh I talked to you and you said
hey it's like you know if if everything
goes to
[__] and you're feeling yourself it's
way better than if everything goes
according to plan and you're
not
and that was that one nugget was a
really really powerful for me and so
thank you you're
welcome before we keep on gratitud in
all all over the place uh uh just if
anybody is interested in this um when
are you doing it again and how did they
find out about
it yeah so I'm planning on doing another
one in very early May 2024 followed by
another one in October roughly uh so if
you're interested go to welcoming
fear.com um or just hit us up through
any of the normal art of accomplishment
channels art of accomplishment. comom
Twitter
SLX uh or the like awesome thanks Brett
talk to you soon thank
you